README.md, before:

# Mini1 Project 1 --- A Effective Time-Variating Sentiment Evaluating Tool Towards Specific Based On Twitter API

<h2>Abstract:</h2>
nowadays, social media has generated significant impact on people’s life from public to everyone’s life. 	every individual can share and spread their sentiment and altitude towards events and heart point, and some of which are positive and some are negtive. Researching on these altitudes are quite valuable.  By using the sentiment evaluating tools, the user can grab people’s altitude and make in time adjustment to their behavior. In this project, a tool base on Twitter has been applied to meet the demands. 


<h2>introduction:</h2>
With the development of Internet, millions of web users spend hours a day on the website, especially on social networks. By December 2013, the number of Chinese internet users reached 618 million. The usage rate of social web is 45.0% (CNNIC33). People read news and write their views and opinions about online hot events and commodities [1]. Therefore, people’s posts constitute online public opinions. These opinions and views reflect people’s sentiments. The sentiments in social networks can affect people’s purchase behavior [2], the sellers’ marketing plan [3], political trends [4, 5] and effectively forecast stock market [6]. Moreover, many online hot events change trends with time going by. With the development of the events and increasing comments, the sentiment of users contained in the comments also varies.

In order to get different sentiment orientation of posts, we need to apply the sentiment analysis approach, whose one of purposes is to classify the attitude expressed in the text (such as positive or negative) [8]In order to get different sentiment orientation of posts, we need to apply the sentiment analysis approach, whose one of purposes is to classify the attitude expressed in the text (such as positive or negative) [8]

<h2> Story:</h2>
 1.As a politician (Trump, Democratic prez candidate, etc.), I want to be able to track the live twitter reaction during       a big public event like a debate or press conference.  
 
 2.As a star sports player (football- Tom Brady, Basketball- Lebron James, Soccer- Messi) I want to be able to track the live twitter reaction during a game/season.
 
<h2>Architecture&Flowchat:</h2>
 


![image](https://github.com/mbu54/mini1/blob/master/IMG/Architecture.jpg)
![image](https://github.com/mbu54/mini1/blob/master/IMG/EC601_py.jpg)

 
  
<h2>References:</h2>

1.  Balali A, Faili H, Asadpour M (2014) A Supervised Approach to Predict the Hierarchical Structure of Conversation Threads for Comments. Scientific World Journal: 23: 479746  https://www.hindawi.com/journals/tswj/2014/479746/abs/  
2. Bai X (2011) Predicting consumer sentiments from online text. Decision Support Systems 50: 732–742.https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S016792361000148X 
3.  Liu Y, Huang X, An A, Yu X (2007) ARSA: A sentiment-aware model for predicting sales performance using blogs, In Proceedings of the 30th annual international ACM SIGIR conference on research and development in information retrieval, New York: 607–614.https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1461444811422894 
4.  Larsson AO, Moe H (2012) Studying political microblogging: Twitter users in the 2010 Swedish election campaign. New Media & Society 14: 729–747.https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1461444811422894 
5.  Williams C, Gulati G (2008) What is a social network worth? Facebook and vote share in the 2008 presidential primaries. In the annual meeting of the American political science association. Boston, MA: 1–17. 	
6.  Eirinaki M, Pisal S, Singh J (2012) Feature-based opinion mining and ranking. Journal of Computer and System Sciences 78: 1175–1184.https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0022000011001139 

7.  Zhi HD, Kun HL, Hong LY (2014) A study of supervised term weighting scheme for sentiment analysis. Expert Systems with Applications.41:3506–3513 https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0957417413008737

Commit message:

add instructions for diagram
Both the architecture and the flowchart has instructions

README.md, after:

# Mini1 Project 1 --- A Effective Time-Variating Sentiment Evaluating Tool Towards Specific Based On Twitter API

<h2>Abstract:</h2>
nowadays, social media has generated significant impact on people’s life from public to everyone’s life. 	every individual can share and spread their sentiment and altitude towards events and heart point, and some of which are positive and some are negtive. Researching on these altitudes are quite valuable.  By using the sentiment evaluating tools, the user can grab people’s altitude and make in time adjustment to their behavior. In this project, a tool base on Twitter has been applied to meet the demands. 


<h2>introduction:</h2>
With the development of Internet, millions of web users spend hours a day on the website, especially on social networks. By December 2013, the number of Chinese internet users reached 618 million. The usage rate of social web is 45.0% (CNNIC33). People read news and write their views and opinions about online hot events and commodities [1]. Therefore, people’s posts constitute online public opinions. These opinions and views reflect people’s sentiments. The sentiments in social networks can affect people’s purchase behavior [2], the sellers’ marketing plan [3], political trends [4, 5] and effectively forecast stock market [6]. Moreover, many online hot events change trends with time going by. With the development of the events and increasing comments, the sentiment of users contained in the comments also varies.

In order to get different sentiment orientation of posts, we need to apply the sentiment analysis approach, whose one of purposes is to classify the attitude expressed in the text (such as positive or negative) [8]In order to get different sentiment orientation of posts, we need to apply the sentiment analysis approach, whose one of purposes is to classify the attitude expressed in the text (such as positive or negative) [8]

<h2>User Story:</h2>
 1.As a politician (Trump, Democratic prez candidate, etc.), I want to be able to track the live twitter reaction during       a big public event like a debate or press conference.  
 
 2.As a star sports player (football- Tom Brady, Basketball- Lebron James, Soccer- Messi) I want to be able to track the live twitter reaction during a game/season.
 
<h2>Architecture&Flowchat:</h2>
 


![image](https://github.com/mbu54/mini1/blob/master/IMG/Architecture.jpg) 
This project is based on PC. The tool search for Twitter content and the corresponding	time by using Twitter API. The collected contentdata was then convert to the easy-read type for the Google API, while the time would be analyzed with analyzed data from the Google NLP Engine. The final result would be displayed in user end.

![image](https://github.com/mbu54/mini1/blob/master/IMG/EC601_py.jpg)
The diagram shows how the Twitter program works. There are three types functions named Hashtags Searching,  Twitter Time Grab and User Timeline Grab. Timeline function are not used in the program. The desired data from the hashtags are time and content, the other repeated information such as “https://XXXX.XXX.XXX” should be striped. These two ruction would return data and time with easy-read data type for further analysis.


 
  
<h2>References:</h2>

1.  Balali A, Faili H, Asadpour M (2014) A Supervised Approach to Predict the Hierarchical Structure of Conversation Threads for Comments. Scientific World Journal: 23: 479746  https://www.hindawi.com/journals/tswj/2014/479746/abs/  
2. Bai X (2011) Predicting consumer sentiments from online text. Decision Support Systems 50: 732–742.https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S016792361000148X 
3.  Liu Y, Huang X, An A, Yu X (2007) ARSA: A sentiment-aware model for predicting sales performance using blogs, In Proceedings of the 30th annual international ACM SIGIR conference on research and development in information retrieval, New York: 607–614.https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1461444811422894 
4.  Larsson AO, Moe H (2012) Studying political microblogging: Twitter users in the 2010 Swedish election campaign. New Media & Society 14: 729–747.https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1461444811422894 
5.  Williams C, Gulati G (2008) What is a social network worth? Facebook and vote share in the 2008 presidential primaries. In the annual meeting of the American political science association. Boston, MA: 1–17. 	
6.  Eirinaki M, Pisal S, Singh J (2012) Feature-based opinion mining and ranking. Journal of Computer and System Sciences 78: 1175–1184.https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0022000011001139 

7.  Zhi HD, Kun HL, Hong LY (2014) A study of supervised term weighting scheme for sentiment analysis. Expert Systems with Applications.41:3506–3513 https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0957417413008737
